W 11493455 Logging Partials hl (#2035)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/partials/verbose-logs.adoc

// Used in Connector troubleshooting pages.
== Enable Verbose Logging

> To get a better understanding of why an application's interaction with the {page-service-name} Connector is failing, temporarily enable verbose logging for the connector. +

Reviewer: Is the {page-service-name} a variable? Should it be changed to the connector name?

Author: It's a variable!

> Remember to always disable the enhanced verbosity after troubleshooting, because it may affect your Mule application performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember to always disable enhanced verbosity after troubleshooting, because it can affect your Mule application's performance.
```

> Remember to always disable the enhanced verbosity after troubleshooting, because it may affect your Mule application performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember to always disable the enhanced verbosity after troubleshooting, because it can affect your Mule application performance.
```

To enable verbose logging in the configuration file:

. Access Anypoint Studio and navigate to the *Package Explorer* view.
. Open your application's project name.

> . Open the `src/main/resources` path folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Open the `src/main/resources` folder.
```
